Mate, you're 40. Get that phone
out your hand like a kid.
A 40y old man. What the
He was wearing high heels yesterday.
What's with these two juice heads you
got?
[Applause]
What the was that yesterday?
He jumped up and he sh y sh y sh y sh y
sh y sh y sh y sh y sh y sh y voltron
power rangers and these juice
heads come walking standing before me
mate 40 years of age get your
together my god
you juice head turkey and you juice head
talking
slap
You little slap hand.
[Applause]
Boom.
I'm so happy you took that hat off. I
got to say, what the were you
hiding under that thing? That little
peanut head.
[Applause]
I'm too quick for you, son.
You know what? This a microwave meal.
I'm a homecooked meal. And settle in on
your stomach.
Microwave meal. That's what you are. I'm
a homecooked meal
with that cheap ass watch on. Step your
game up. 1.4 million.
Today is your birthday. As a gentleman,
I want to say happy birthday. I wish you
many more.
On the count of three, I want everyone
in this arena to scream at the top of
your lungs. Floyd Mayweather. 1 2 3
[Applause]